I'm not here to discuss with you
The position of head of the Chen family
I, Chen Beixuan, have made a decision.
From now on, no matter what grandmaster strikes
I can guarantee the safety of the Chen family and this seat
Chen Beixuan
Don't rely on us when you want to die
I suggest you kill yourself now
Only you are dead
Only Jiang Jiang and Master Sanzang can forgive us
Your Chen family is rotten to the root
Humph
Mei Qianxue, this is our Chen family's business
What the hell does it have to do with you?
Your hand dance is too long, right?
What!
Are you afraid that others will find out about your dirty work?
How did Beixuan become a sinner when he regained the dragon head stick?
Self-harm
I don't have time to talk to you
Now the three great masters are coming soon
What we are facing now is not the death of Chen Beixuan
It's our Chen Jiawang
He, Chen Beixuan, wants to be our Chen family
You have to sacrifice for it
Said you just wanted to use his life
Let's quell the anger of the three grandmasters and the attack of the Jiang family
I guess after Bei Xuan died
You will wag your tail to the Jiang family
Then set about letting Mrs. Chen be the guy, right?
You shut up
I, Mei Qianxue, died fighting by myself today
I won't let Beixuan suffer
Hahaha Mei Qianxue
It's been rumored outside that you are a woman of flair
It seems that the rumor is not false at all
You say you just rely on your appearance and figure
What kind of man can't you find?
Do you have to?
Paste this layer of cripple upside down and lend it to his son
No, the big director is here